There's a lot of ways
that you can write CSS.
And one of the ways that people tried
to combat this is with CSS naming
architectures.
You might have heard of bem, it's a block
element modifier which we can see here.
Naming architectures were kind of created
to superficially scope our styles, but
they don't actually prevent styles from
leaking into elements that we don't
want them to be styled on.
So we can see here this block
element modifier type of styling.
So those two underscores differentiate
the block and the element.
So the block is the shopping cart and
the element is the item within that.
A modifier you would see two hyphens, and
this would be shopping cart items
selected or shopping cart item disabled.
It's just kind of like a modifier,
for example.
But again this doesn't
prevent leaked styling.
So technically if this is styling
all of these shopping cart items,
maybe their color is gonna be red.
Maybe there's a style somewhere else
that's actually influencing, or
yeah, maybe it's actually
styling this list item and
we don't know where that's coming from.
So that's problematic.
And this is where pre-processors came in.
This was really a great,
great tool for a long time.
You've probably heard of SAS or LES.
These are pre-processors and these provide
a bunch of capabilities, like nesting.
So we can now select our shopping cart,
and
it plays very nicely with this block
element modifier naming architecture.
We can just use this ampersand,
two underscores to select the element, and
the two hyphens to select the modifier.
So at this point, our styles are scoping.
It's really, really nice.
And they allow us to create mixins or
functions that can be applied
to our styles in all of this.